[THEME MUSIC]
>> How did the universe create
religions to find itself?
I am your host and
guide Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
how different paths brings us
to the same truth.
In Atlantean times,
the 12 families
were like people who we
used to ask for advice.
And then we had this
circle of people
representing the different
workers of the region.
And they were representing
the spirit of the people.
We call that the
projections of gods.
So each one of them had
the face of an animal
that was related to their work.
And that's why in the
times of this connection,
they start to honor those
animals like if they were gods
and the priests like if
they were the gods themself.
That brought the confusion
of a animalistic religion.
And they started to honor
the concepts of the universe
in a different way.
As Djehuty said,
the goal for humans
is to become gods
on this planet,
to become the portals
through time and space
in flesh, in blood.
And that is why the main
preparation that we had
was to create the
patterns within that
could help us enlight in life.
The purpose was not
to reach the spirit.
It was to allow the spirit
to live in this reality.
So those who were able to
open the doors to the spirit,
to this reality, without
willing to escape this reality
were the enlightened
ones, those who
were the mirrors for thousands
of people to understand
that they were sent
here as messengers
of this divine on Earth.
There were a lot of
people that accomplished
this divine on this planet.
There were a lot of people
that reached enlightenment
in this world.
And they were the
people that could
live at the same level, the
suffering and the pleasure.
To be balanced in all this
process of enlightenment,
you needed to put all
the darkness together
and transcend the darkness
through transfiguration.
And this transfiguration, it
was the code of enlightenment
in matter that
people like Krishna,
like Jesus Christ had connected.
The words that connect them
all with the messengers.
And messengers, the
ones that are here
bringing the voice of the
universe, the emissaries,
were say, like,
Christa or Krish.
These are the words in
which ancient language
would call those who
were sent to show God.
So that's why many
of the names that
were used to describe those
who had been enlightened
are similar in history.
When we start to reach
the truth of the universe,
we may ask ourselves which
is the best way, or what
is the truth, or
what is the path,
or why is the method we could
use to get to the truth?
But the truth is that
there are so many ways
to get to the core
of the universe
that everything is
really connected.
Then there is no one way to
go and to find the truth.
There is many.
In the ancient times, we used
to say that everything is stick
and connected like a network.
So for us, everything was
weaved by a spider that
connected every different
path in the universe
in the same network.
And that helps us to understand
that everything really
is connected and there is no
one path towards a core that
is more important than others.
For us, the universe was a womb
that was created in realities.
So the spiders were
related to the feminine.
The feminine aspect
of the universe
were these fractions
and rays of reality
that we related with
the part of the spider.
And the main core,
the black hole,
was this black
part of the spider.
And the many eyes
that this animal has
was related to all the
eyes in the stars that
could see us from above.
So the main image
of this spider,
even if it's a little
bit scary, the spider
was not something seen
like something bad.
It was seen like these shadows
of reality that are hidden,
the precious seed of reality
covered by this scary face
so nobody could touch it.
It's like if you want
to protect the most
holy shape of the universe,
what we understood
is that you need to cover
it with a horrible face
so we don't touch it unless
we recognize that it is
just a shape taking care of
something really enlightened
within.
So that's why for
ancient people,
all the shapes that maybe we
fear today and that scare us,
for them was just
the shapes that
were taking care of the
main information, wisdom
of the universe.
So that's why the
spider, for us,
was the code that
connects us all.
And we call those beings
the spiders of the galaxy,
the spiders of the universe.
And that's why for women,
it was important to learn
how to weave because when they
were weaving the silk, when
they were weaving
the clothes, they
would put all the patterns of
reality of the universe hidden
and shown in the structures
that they were using daily.
So they could always
remember that we
were created by these spiders,
the mothers of the universe,
weaving the clothes
that we call now
the bodies, nature, our planet.
That is why the most ancient
cultures honor the spider.
And they received the
information from the spiders.
Like the Hopi
people with the ants
and the spider people that
came from the underground
and the outer space
that taught them
how to weave, how
to conduct, how
to connect every
part of the universe
through this network of
connections in the mind of God.
We would learn in the
past that the reality was
this network, this
spider web that
connected the waves of time
and the lines of space crossing
the time.
And we could see that
the space through time
would be 12 lines that
connect all the timelines.
So if we have this
network of time
going like these waves
in the shape of circles,
the lines that cross those
circles would be 12--
six positive and six negative
that crosses all the times.
And these are the
shapes or the aspects
in which the spider,
the consciousness,
would see everything,
would connect and contact
every time and every space.
These are all the
aspects of God.
And God was the one
that vibrates the truth.
That's why the spider
feels the vibration
of every one of its
aspects surrounding her
and surrounding him, it.
And that's why vibration
is the language that
connects us all,
because we understood
that this cooperation of
the spider with the universe
was the accurate way of
understanding how vibration
works and connects every
spot in the universe
through time and space.
So these 12 would be
the vibrations of it
who speaks the truth,
who vibrates the truth.
And that for ancient
languages is the word "El."
"El" means the truth
that is spoken.
And because of God
was this truth spoken,
the verb, the first
vibration, the first singing.
So every aspect would
be an different aspect
that was spoken by truth.
These different aspects we
call now in Hebrew language
like the names of archangels.
Archangels means the most
important messengers.
[GREEK] coming from the
words in Greek meaning
"the powerful or
the highest one,"
and angel, "the messenger."
So the highest messengers
or the most powerful
were the different
aspects in which
the word "El" was expressed
in the universe, which
were 12 of them.
Some of the most known
that we use today
was Michael, Uriel,
Gabriel that are
the vibrations that represent.
Michael, who like God, who like
the truth, the Uriel, the light
of God, Gabriel,
the strength of God,
and many others that
represented the positive
and the negative aspects
of this creation.
One of the most known that
is related to our thoughts
is Raphael.
Raphael means the physician,
the healing of God.
And this aspect was
incarnated in everyone
that was working with the
body, with the physics,
with the healing
process of our matter
and the third
dimensional realities.
So that's why the
aspect of Raphael,
even today, the physicians has
the symbol of Raphael being
the doctor of the
universe and incarnated
through the image
of Hermes, which
was the priest of medicine
in Atlantean times, Djehuty.
So archangels are not
beings with human shape.
They are aspects that goes
through all the universe
and that holds the vibration
of the 12 aspects of reality.
So we are all projections
of those archangels.
We are all messengers
of those first 12 spaces
that fill the universe.
In order to live
or let the spirit
to come to the world
in flesh and blood,
you need to open the doors
in the proper harmony.
And to be harmonious, you need
to have the perfect vibration.
And that is why in your
own blood, in your own DNA,
in the cells, in
every organ, you
need to be balanced and
aligned with what you do,
what you feel, what you think.
And the vibration
to accomplish that
was what Djehuty and other
people from ancient Atlantis
taught to reach
through the chantings,
through the meditation,
through the symbols that were
spoken the word of the truth.
And those knowledge were
taught by the Arcturians who
were the beings in
the Confederation
that knew about physics, that
knew about how to transform
realities through sound.
And that is why the
Blue Ones are still
alive in those who
accomplished the enlightenment
through the vibration of blood
or the vibration in the DNA.
When a human being
accomplished to open
all the portals in matter
to the spirit is what
we call enlightenment.
And it's the moment when you
feel so full of happiness,
so full of love,
that you could love
unconditionally everything.
You can feel everything
as a part of you.
You forget of who you are,
and you become everything.
So this process of
enlightenment is
when you feel the
highest vibration
in the third dimension.
When you feel fulfilled
in the third dimension,
and you are not willing to
leave the third dimension
but you are willing
to feel everything
in the third dimension
in just one moment,
that connects you
with the transcendence
of the third dimension.
And then you go to the fourth
dimension instantaneously
when you recognize that you are
the process of everything that
happened that is happening
and that will happen.
You can see everything
from every perspective.
You can see that
you are the one that
expressed that experience
that is integrated
and that transcends
every process.
So time and space
start to be bounded
and you feel it all
in just here and now.
And that's the
concept of eternity.
When you accomplish
the here and now,
the four pillars of time and
space start to become just one
and you can see them
all from just one spot.
This is like stop looking
from outside the atom
and look the atom from within.
It's like looking at every
creation surrounding you
from the spot that
connects all the realities.
And that's the fifth dimension.
So in order to go to
the fifth dimension,
a being shouldn't go
up to the heavens,
the being should go deep
into the atom structure
to see the electrons, to see the
light that creates every matter
that we are in.
So that's the enlightenment.
When all the patterns
of reality are
aligned in the same vibration
and everything that was a chaos
just shine in the
same perspective.
So it's like putting all the
colors of the rainbow in just
one light again, in one just
structure, which is white.
This ray of light makes
the enlightenment possible.
And you can only achieve
that enlightenment
through the third dimension
because the only way
to see every
perspective and have
wisdom of that is if you had
experienced every perspective.
That's why the ascended
masters that we call now
from who we receive
information from other levels
of consciousness, they are the
spectrum of those people that
used to live in the planet
that had accomplished
the enlightenment of the whole
process in time and space.
The ascended masters that
live in the fifth dimension,
they are not up,
they are within,
so deep within that
you can see the light
of every electron vibrating in
the same pattern of harmony.
Fifth dimension is to see
the coherence in everything.
And that's why they
become masters,
because they accomplish to
learn everything in the matter.
And now they are able to
teach, to show by experience,
by showing their own actions
how it is to be enlightened.
There are many masters
in the fifth dimension
that we relate with
people that were alive,
like Jesus and Sanat Kumara.
They are just expressions of the
fifth dimension of the people
that was alive in
the third dimension.
They are not
someone or something
that is higher than us.
They just vibrate
faster than us.
We live in the past.
We live in the third
dimension, which
is the strongest and
the lowest vibration.
And when the faster
you vibrate, you
accomplish to see how electrons
move through time and space.
And you can see all the
realities connected by them.
So that's why in
the fifth dimension,
everything is light because you
are seeing everything moving
as the same fast as you are.
That's why they
can see the future.
can see everything.
And they can teach us
or show us the best
way in which we
could learn about how
to live properly in matter.
In order to become enlightened
beings in the fifth dimension,
we needed to learn
every step in the third
and the fourth dimension.
And that is why the
Ancient Ones created
the path of enlightenment,
the path of initiation,
in which every school
of knowledge in Europe,
in Middle East, in
Africa, in America, they
would have to learn everything
of how to live properly
in this reality in
the third dimension,
so we could transcend our idea
of ourselves through time.
And that would allow us to
get into the information
of the fifth dimension.
Bringing the fifth dimension,
the spiritual enlightened
being, into this
material world was
the main goal of
the enlightenment
schools, the teaching of how
to become spiritual beings live
in this physical experience.
And in order to
do that, we needed
to be recreated once and
again in different levels
of consciousness.
So we had a purpose.
Our purpose was the
masculine aspect.
We need to go to light.
We need to go to this goal.
We need to go to get
this information.
So what we had to do
was to go straight
to the main information.
And we needed the
gods, the aspect
of the sun, the aspect of
the teachers, like the goals
that we had to achieve in every
learning and never teaching,
and that would be the steps of
evolution that we had created.
But in every step, we needed
to be recreated, reborn again.
So we needed to be born,
experience, and die, reborn,
experience, and die.
This whole process was
a feminine process.
And that's why if we had an
idea of the masculine process
of where to go, the feminine
aspect would shape us
in different levels of
consciousness trying to show us
the different ways
in which we could
express the divine on Earth.
That's why the womb, the
mother, was the most important
structure to help
us to transform
every idea of ourselves.
We needed to die once and
again to be reborn to see
different aspects.
And that's why the
codes of the mother,
the divine mother on Earth, were
so important for every culture.
And there were so
many mothers to help
us born in different
aspects or different ways.
We needed to face darkness.
And that's why the priestess
Nephthys would teach us
how to go through darkness
and be born into darkness.
And then we have Isis,
the mother of light,
who would teach us how
to be born in light.
Then we have the
masters of empower.
So that's when we found
Sekhmet, the goddess of light
of the sun.
So we need to empower
ourselves, but also
to learn about the
sweetness, and the love,
and how to take
care of our sons.
And that was the
image of Hathor.
Then we needed to learn about
the seven laws of the universe.
And that's the order of
everything, which was Maat.
Through Maat, Seshat,
the priestess of wisdom,
would teach us how to go through
each one of those levels.
The mother of the sky,
the mother of Earth,
the mother that we call
Enah, they were teaching us
about how we were bounded
in Earth, about the plants,
about the creation
part of the universe.
And that is why we needed
to leave and express
different ways of mothers in
every stage of our learning
process in these schools.
Because in order to
become gods and have
a purpose for our creation,
what we needed to do
was to become goddesses,
because to create
we needed to be the womb.
We needed to know how to
create within ourselves.
And that's why the mother was
so divided in different aspects,
so we could learn about all
the different perspectives
of creation.
The fertility was
represented by what we
call the seed and the flower.
And this aspect of
the feminine was
Bat, who was the feminine
aspect of fertility
and the creation
of a new spiritual
being being born in reality.
And the masculine aspect of
this goddess was Baphomet.
Baphomet was the
shape of a being that
united every aspect of
the mothers, and the cows,
and the sheep that would
represent all the milk
there was needed to fertilize
the womb of the mother.
So this being was
taken like the one
being able to download
information of the spirit
into the darkness,
into the matter,
so the spirit could be born.
Of course through time,
the shapes of these gods,
when we become to
be monotheistic,
these shapes of
fertility start to be
like the shape of the demon.
Because for
monotheism, the women
were the speakers
with nature, so they
were talking with things
that has not relation
with God who was in the sky.
So everything that was from
the womb, from the Earth,
was connected to underground
with the darkness.
And that's why all the
shapes of Bat and Baphomet
were taken as the messengers
of the evil, the messengers
of the underground,
when they were indeed
the feminine and the
masculine aspects of fertility
and the doors for the spirit
to come and be born on Earth.
The first schools of
wisdom were trying
to teach that all the universe
only spoke one language which
was vibration.
And it doesn't
matter which name you
put to any of those
levels of consciousness.
If you are saying
the truth, if you
are talking about
the same stuff,
about the same
information, so you
will reach the core of reality.
So that is why doesn't matter
which name in which culture
we call the gods, the Nephilim,
the Elohim, the archangels.
It doesn't matter which
gods we believed in,
if it's animalistic,
polytheism, monotheism,
all the aspects of God are
all connected through time
and space in the
same connection,
in the same path,
which is the self
to connect with the core
of reality with the truth.
So from the very
core of the universe
to all the network that
was created, every shape,
every distortion are just
different shapes and paths
towards the self.
So it doesn't matter
in which story,
in which God, in which school
you believe or you follow,
you will all arrive
to the same spot.
You will all arrive
to the same core which
is the I Am, which is the self.
Which is the very
core of every reality
is the self expressing itself
in many and different ways.
So if you understand the
universe as a big sphere
and the core, the
main pattern, is
the one that connects
every spot in the sphere,
it doesn't matter which
path you take to the core.
If you go around, if you
go straight to the middle,
you will cross with many other
perspectives of realities
or you will not cross any one
going straight to the core.
But all of them, you have worth.
All of them are different
shapes of the same reality.
So there's no true path.
There's no path
you have to take.
And there's no one only
truth you have to follow.
You have to follow
your own truth.
And through the different
schools of learning,
different ways to understand,
different languages,
different perspectives,
all of them
will bring you to the
same core of the reality.
So here in planets
like this ones,
we have to embrace all the
knowledge of every culture,
of every history, of every God,
goddess, priest, priestess,
every civilization
because none of them
are really against each other.
All of them are just trying to
reach a path towards the core.
And whoever you follow, and even
better if you follow yourself,
you will find your own path
towards the core of reality,
to the self, to the I Am.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
how the Sirian people
helped with the mastery
of the whole world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]